Move the registration command note (#4939)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_registering-a-host-by-using-web-ui.adoc

Therefore, do not delete, block, or change permissions of the user during the token duration.
+
The scope of the JWTs is limited to the registration endpoints only and cannot be used anywhere else.

> * On the *Advanced* tab, you can enable container and Flatpak registry access without a username or password by selecting the *Set up container registry certs* checkbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* On the *Advanced* tab, you can enable container and Flatpak registry access without a user name and password by selecting the *Set up container registry certs* checkbox.
```

suggestion (non-blocking): you need both user name and password (or not, if you use certs!).

IMO we say "user name" in favor of "username".

Using certificate-based authentication also enforces lifecycle management of container and Flatpak content for the host.
. Click *Generate* to generate a registration command.
+
[NOTE]

> ====

Reviewer: **out of scope**: the reason of this big admonition is unclear to me! Yes, it might be a nice hack to edit the registration command from a technical perspective, but as a user, they should just re-create one.

IMO this is something advanced and should not be shown to users as part of one of the most important modules in the docs. I vote to move this to another module.
